What are you looking for?
There's no better way to start your career than at Wayfind. From Strategy Analyst to Data Scientist, Product Manager, to Lead Engineer, Commercial Analyst to AI specialist. There are so many pathways within tech and starting your career as a Grad at Wayfind can get you there.

Our purpose is to help people live more fulfilling and productive working lives and help organisations succeed. This extends to our Wayfinders; we’re honoured to have placed on a national top graduate programs list in the small programs category, and to have been named a top 10 most popular technology employer in an industry graduate awards ranking for two years running.



About the program
Software Engineering Graduate Program

Our Software Engineering Graduate Program is designed to launch your technology career path. The 13-month program offers an exceptional foundation whilst gaining exposure to various technologies: AWS, GraphQL, React, TypeScript to name just a few.


Explore two 6-month rotations where you will be embedded into teams of your choice, such as Security, Architecture, Mobile Apps or our internal start-ups


Work on real-time business opportunities, developing code for products that are launched to market  

Applications for our 2027 Software Engineering Grad Program have now closed. Follow us on Wayfind Grad to stay up-to-date on future opportunities.  


You'll benefit from rapid professional growth, and immediately experience the impact your work makes on fellow Wayfinders and our customers.

You’ll be a part of graduate community, with mentors and graduate alumni who are there to ensure that you're on track with your career aspirations and who’ll share their experiences.

And when you finish, the pathways are endless. You’ll be a well-rounded and trusted advisor and as a permanent employee from the beginning, you’ll have access to roles across the business.

Who we're looking for
We are looking for curious and enthusiastic individuals. You’ll have a love for code and are passionate about using tech to create the best experience for our customers.

To be eligible to apply you must have working rights for Australia and be in the final year of your degree (or completed in the last two years). We accept applications from any degree or discipline and from international students.

For our Software Engineering stream we accept applications from those who have completed industry training and/or certifications with no more than 1 year of discipline-related experience